>> Brian Holt: So I just reverted all
my code back to using the death server.
The one thing I wanted to go with capture
in my package.json is the ability to run
that server.
So I'm gonna call this start.
>> Brian Holt: And then I'm gonna say,
NODE_ENV=server node server.js.
So now that if I say yarn start it'll
start my production server, right.
>> Brian Holt: So
again I can just come in here and
say, yarn start, and
it should be good to go.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah, you just have
to make sure to not include hot module
refresh, or it's gonna have a bad time.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna change
this back from watch to dev, so
I can go back to the development server.
>> Brian Holt: So we're gonna talk about
another thing here called code splitting,
or chunking as it used to be called.
>> Brian Holt: There's a kind
of a weird problem in particular
doing server-side rendering,
hot module replacement and
code splitting all at once.
It's a pick two scenario that
the three cannot coexist all
together given these state
of how webpack works.
And the real problem is this,
we're gonna configure our routes
to be asynchronous, right.
So that when I go from landing to search,
it's actually going to pull
in the JavaScript for search.
And then when I go from search to details,
it will pull on the JavaScript just for
details.
The reason why it's nice is that means
when I load landing for the first time,
it's only going to load the code for
landing, and
it's not gonna load anything for search.
And it's not gonna load up anything for
details, right.
In other words we get to cut
down on our bundle size, and
we get to load only the JavaScript that's
necessary for that particular page.
Which is gonna be again another
performance win for us.
This is again something that
you're wanna to do in production.
Maybe not in development because there's
no real reason that you need to be doing
that in development.